Timearner
m not awa of any
convsation arod that tter
an jt to t ba to
Jothanow it's isn that
ki of rtoric jt.
Sort obeen t t d
e
present h the le at all
Ar goingnto this twent
twenty campan tha the
rhoric just eds to be
lored
ether 's talng about
Were suld bhislan on.
hearg the presint ud the
sa kind olanguahe tnty
sixteen ae
fitouple  yea of th
ministtion -
are perfely capab o cingey'r shn
fact that there comfortleogetheh
motheromb or killi a baby
But ey havaard tim
fromongress woman --ommts
thk that  a gre sha the
esiden haseen cle on wt
hisositn is certain wha
hi supports for teople
e commity of rael --
anytng furerI don'tave
ghtownhe roain the
dete wheyou're
You'reaying .
I ink you shodall out
the meers by namend we'
made tt a
thpresentou kw
ter.
Sang thathey'rvery fin
ople on th sides.
AnChars wlssentily
suesting tt therare ry
fi peoe in the *-*.
The presideng
enot at t aany pothe
clr a consteny aredly
repeated condee.
itsorms wheer it'snl of
Americ or ano
Onong r of pan itworue.
places that'g
Sincthe prident diday tha
Chaottesvle. ve peoe
on both se.
ys I d't rememr.
e M.he neo ** i
Charloesvill
Acti agast theewishd
thpresiden